OSDOCS-20733: CQA fixes for ROSA HCP Tutorials 1-6 (#115626)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/accepting-private-offer.adoc

= Accept a private offer

[role="_abstract"]
Accept a private offer for {product-title} by reviewing available offers and selecting a new offer or upgrading an existing one.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Prerequisite 

- Verify that you are logged in using the AWS account that was specified as the buyer. Attempting to access the offer using another AWS account produces a "Page not found" error message.

```

Reviewer: See my comment below where you could remove the note and make it a Prereq (all optional!)

.Procedure

> . Open the private offer URL that was provided by the seller. The URL is accessible only by the specific AWS account ID that was specified by the seller.

Reviewer: Optional: 

We could make it more user focused here. Maybe even make these two steps. 

```suggestion
. Open the private offer URL that was provided by the seller. You can only access the URL by the specific AWS account ID that was specified by the seller.
```

+
[NOTE]
====

> Verify that you are logged in using the AWS account that was specified as the buyer. Attempting to access the offer using another AWS account produces a "Page not found" error message.

Reviewer: optional: 

I know we're not trying to change a lot in procedures, because we don't want to do anything to require SME review. However, this could be a prereq, and the CQAs do want us to include prereqs when necessary. This change is optional, but you can see my earlier suggestion if you like it.

====

. On the *Offer selection* page, review *Available offers*. Options can include:
.. A regular private offer that is pre-selected. This type of offer can be accepted only if {product-title} was not activated before using the public offer or another private offer.
+
[caption="Regular private offer"]
image::rosa-regular-private-offer.png[]
+
.. A private offer that was created for an AWS account that previously activated {product-title} using the public offer. The selected private offer is labeled as *Upgrade* and accepting this offer replaces the currently running contract for {product-title}.
+
[caption="Private offer selection screen"]
image::rosa-private-offer-selection-selection-screen.png[]

> .. If multiple offers are available, the previously activated public offer is shown together with the newly provided agreement-based offer that is labeled as "Upgrade".

Reviewer: Optional:

"previously" is flagged by IBM SG. Although I don't think this rewrite is better than the original, what do you think of this word change? 

```suggestion
.. If multiple offers are available, the public offer activated earlier is shown together with the newly provided agreement-based offer that is labeled as "Upgrade".
```
